Fix: Kong Gateway support matrix (#6326)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

      
### Features

> * The base OS for our convenience Docker tags (for example, `latest`, `3.2.1.0`, `3.2`) has switched from Debian to Ubuntu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the underlying operating system for our convenience Docker tags (e.g., latest, 3.2.1.0, 3.2) from Debian to Ubuntu.
```

> * The base operating system (OS) for our convenience Docker tags (for example, `latest`, `3.2.1.0`, `3.2`) has switched from Debian to Ubuntu.

Author: ```suggestion
*  Changed the underlying operating system (OS) for our convenience Docker tags (for example, `latest`, `3.2.1.0`, `3.2`) from Debian to Ubuntu.
```
